Yupei PPP update (#229)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-T11-1/tp: docs/team/syoopie.md

---

### Project: NUSTracker

<br>

**Code Contributed:** [RepoSense](https://nus-cs2103-ay2122s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=t11&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&since=2021-09-17&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=false&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=syoopie&tabRepo=AY2122S1-CS2103T-T11-1%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&zFR=false)

<br>

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Maintained the `help` function, updated it with all the new features implemented.

>   * Improved the GUI of the help function, make it easy for the user to copy commands to assist those who are more unfamiliar with the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Improved the GUI of the help function, and made it easy for the user to copy commands to assist those who are more unfamiliar with the app.
```

>   * Changed help window to use a dropdown box instead to accommodate for our growing list of commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Changed the help window to use a dropdown box instead to accommodate our growing list of commands.
```

<br>

* **New Feature**: `export`
  * What it does: Allows a user to export the emails of the current list of students that are being displayed
  * Justification: To allow user to easily acquire a file consisting of relevant emails so that they can copy it and email a large number of people at once.
  * Highlights: Had to conform with the original implementations of file/memory access implemented in AB3, also had to create a new class in storage component to manage the file creation and writing aspect of the exporting function
  * Function is very foolproof and has multiple checks to conform with standards of illegal characters and filename length.
  * Can be easily extended to export different fields of data, but only in the CSV file format.

<br>

* **Enhancements to UserGuide**:

>   * Constantly maintained the userGuide and made changes and updates for it to conform with our actual implementation (e.g. Adding command to the command summary and brushing up command descriptions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Constantly maintained the user guide and made changes and updates for it to conform with our actual implementation (e.g. Adding commands to the command summary and brushing up command descriptions)
```
